What if Google Morphed Into GoogleOS ?
What if Google expanded on its search - engine ( and now e-mail ) wares into a full - fledged operating system ?
[ via Microsoft Watch from Mary Jo Foley ]
( And , by the way , is anybody else just a little nostalgic for the days when that was a good thing ? )
This BuzzMachine post argues that Google 's rush toward ubiquity might backfire -- which we 've all heard before , but it 's particularly well - put in this post .
Google is a nice search engine .
Does anybody use it for anything else ?
They own blogger , of course .
Is that a money maker ?
I 'm staying away from the stock .
I doubt the very few who actually read my blog have not come across this yet , but I figured I would put it out there anyways .
John Donovan from Argghhh! has put out a excellent slide show on what was actually found and fought for in Fallujah .
Click here To view it .
He makes some good observations on a few of the pic's .
One of the pictures shows a flag that was found in Fallujah .
On the next two pictures he took screenshots of two beheading video's .
Compare the flags to the Fallujah one .
You have to see these slides .... they are amazing .
This Fallujah operation my turn out to be the most important operation done by the US Military since the end of the war .
Let me join the chorus of annoyance over Google 's new toolbar , which , as noted in the linked article , commits just about every sin an online marketer could commit , and makes up a few new ones besides .
I 'm not fond of the Google - hates - privacy argument
( You do n't need to use their site , you can opt - out of sharing your information , you do n't need to send stuff to anyone with a Gmail account , and if -- wonder of wonders -- you 're worried that you might send something to someone who would forward an excerpt to someone who would then store it on a Gmail account ... you have far , far too much time on your hands ) .
However , this toolbar is really bad news .
On the other hand , it looks pretty cool .
Iran says it is creating nuclear energy without wanting nuclear weapons .
The United States does n't believe the Iranian Government .
One can suspect the Iranian Government .
But there is no proof .
I read an Article in Time magazine accusing the Iranian Government of being willing to start a nuclear war and I sympathise with the Article .
They are certainly being nasty to the United Nations Security Council in connection with the anti-proliferation treaty .
The President has also said he would like to see Israel wiped off the map which he could n't even begin to try without nuclear weapons .
But he has insisted that he wants nuclear power for peaceful purposes .
Many people want to use diplomacy with Iran rather than military pressure .
But will diplomacy work ?
And can anyone use military pressure without proof ?
One reader pointed out that the President watched the Americans in the embassy when they took them hostage .
He has denied this .
We do n't have to believe him .
But we ca n't prove it .
It does seem that Iranians frequently make statements and then hide behind lack of proof .
Angry crowds chanted anti-American slogans in the western city of Falluja ( pop. 256,000 ) as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by US troops were buried on Saturday .
Reuters reported that " Sunni clerics in the town issued a ' Declaration by the people of Fallujah ' condemning the deaths of the security guards and police , announcing three days of mourning , and calling for a general strike today . "
It read , " The people of Fallujah condemn the massacre which was committed on Friday against people dedicated to the protection of Fallujah .
Let aggressive ( American ) leaders and soldiers know that we are capable of protecting the city 's security and safety , and ask them to lift their hands from the city . "
The clerics demanded talks with local US commanders .
Cities such as Falluja received special treatment from Saddam and enjoyed a disproportionate share of the country 's wealth and power .
They know that the American advent implies for them a demotion , and an elevation of the Shiites and Kurds , and they refuse to go quietly .
The actual vote is a little confusing .
BREYER filed a concurring opinion , in which KENNEDY , SOUTER , and GINSBURG joined .
KENNEDY filed an opinion concurring in part , in which SOUTER , GINSBURG , and BREYER joined as to Parts I and II .
SCALIA filed a dissenting opinion , in which THOMAS and ALITO joined .
THOMAS filed a dissenting opinion , in which SCALIA joined , and in which ALITO joined as to all but Parts I , II - C - 1 , and III - B - 2 .
ALITO filed a dissenting opinion , in which SCALIA and THOMAS joined as to Parts I through III .
It will take me a little while to read the whole thing , but I rarely agree with a John Paul Stevens opinion .
I 'll post highlights from the opinion and dissents when I 'm finished .
Important news such as President Bush 's miniscule calibrations on his marriage amendment / anti-gay ( update : he 's not against gays in the bedroom , just at the altar , where of course their relationships should not only be frowned upon but should be constitutionally excluded ) has pushed Sudan not just off the front pages , or the A section , but out of the NY Times and Washington Post completely .
I had to go to the BBC for this report .
It 's symptomatic , I suppose , of our fast - paced , 24 hour news - cycle lives , that the biggest short - term humanitarian crisis in the world would quickly be eclipsed , once our Secretary of State was finished with his whirlwind tour , from the newspapers .
It 's just disappointing .
Most troubling , however , is the fact that the political will to end the crisis expressed a few short weeks ago seems to have ebbed .
At that time , UN Secretary General Kofi Annan demanded steps be taken to end the ethnic violence in Darfur within 48 hours .
Two weeks later , and the violence continues .
The African Union is clearly not up to the task of keeping the peace , pledging 300 troops to an area that will need 15,000 , according to analysts .
And international donors have given only half of the relief aid that Darfur needs , according to the local UN officials .
So hear we are , two weeks later , after that dazzling PR display two weeks ago by Powell and Annan , and the situation on the ground in Darfur appears basically unchanged .
Warren Buffett is giving away 85 % of his wealth , mostly to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation .
It 's a move that really worries me ; Buffett 's usual justification for keeping most of his money was that he was still compounding the value of his fortune at a pretty high rate , so any gifts now would mean significantly less money for the foundation later .
Which essentially sounds like he 's worried that Bill or Melinda are going to die soon .
I 'm not sure how the market will react .
It does n't change the company 's intrinsic worth , and as the article notes , the company might be added to a major index once the shares get more liquid .
On the other hand , this is essentially a statement that the company is overpriced from the guy who knows it best -- and happens to be the best investor of the last century .
em ... no ... the Gates foundation mainly invests in medical research and education , that means donating now adds a tremendous value compared to donating in ten years .
Because the 10.000.000 people dying from malaria will otherwise be dead .
He mentions his wife 's death having an effect on him .
It sounds pretty rational that he 's saying that Bill and Melinda are at a prime spot , so starting the money hose now is a good idea , but Buffet is still keeping most of his donation inside of Berkshire where it will compound .
Bill over at The Fourth Rail has an excellent essay on how the MSM and the UN , even the leftist countries in Europe , are basically accepting terrorist organizations as legitimate forms of a political party :
On the same day Palestinians protest in support of Hezbollah and Syria , the terrorist group Hamas has indicated it will participate in the scheduled upcoming Parliamentary elections .
To the north in Lebanon , there is serious debate within Hezbollah about entering the Lebanese political process in light of Syria 's promised withdrawal .
Syria has agreed to withdraw under the conditions set forth in UNSC Resolution 1559 , which has already begun .
UN Secretary - General Kofi Annan has indicated it is time to " recognize Hezbollah " after easily being duped by " the message on the placards they are using " .
This acceptance of blatantly terrorist groups as legitimate freedom movements is a cancerous tumor on the United Nations and the media .
Over three years after 9-11 , the United Nations , despite their attempts to project strength in fighting terrorism , still can not properly define the word " terrorist " , waffling over the issue of whether the murder of innocent civilians are terrorist acts .
The media routinely obscures the lines between terrorism and legitimate resistance , as the recent article by Daniel Okrent of The New York Times demonstrates .
The decision to sidestep the obvious to satisfy the need to avoid confrontation does not bring peace , but only delays the eventual conflict as the predators of Hamas and Hezbollah exploit the inherent weakness of the internationals and the media .
I 've been fuming over this fact for a few weeks now , ever since some organizations and governments suggested we need to accept the fact that Hezbollah will get involved in running Lebanon .
Wtf is this ?
This is a terrorist organization plain and simple .
This is the organization that bombed our Marine barracks in 1983 , took Americans hostage throughout the 80's and now they should be considered a legitimate organization ?
This is just another reason to never trust the MSM , and certainly not the Europeans .
The Iraqi Islamic Party lead by Muhsin Abdul Hamid , has been among the few Sunni Muslim groups willing to cooperate ( even if rather lukewarmly ) with the Americans .
It is now threatening to pull out of the Allawi caretaker government .
The IIP had also been the main force urging Sunni Arabs to participate in the elections scheduled for January , and had been opposed in this stance by the Association of Muslim Scholars .
That the Iraqi Islamic Party is now contemplating leaving the Allawi government raises the question of whether a mass Sunni Arab boycott of the elections is in the offing , thus fatally weakening the legitimacy of any new government .
Az - Zaman : The Association of Muslim Scholars forbade Iraqis to participate in the attack on Fallujah with the Americans .
In a communique , the AMS said that for Iraqis to take part with " raiding forces " in the assault on a city , the population of which is Muslim ( such as Fallujah ) would be considered the most mortal of mortal sins .
The Sunni AMS told Iraqis , " You sinned when you participated with occupation forces in the assault on Najaf , and beware lest you repeat this same sin in Fallujah .
Remember that the Occupation is emphemeral . "
The radical Shiite Sadr movement issued a statement forbidding the participation of Iraqi troops in the attack on Fallujah , as well .
It called a " ploy " the assertaion that the attack was merely on foreign fighters at Fallujah .
The convergence of views among the more militant Sunni Muslim clerics of AMS and the radical Shiites of the Sadr movement has been seen before , last spring during the initial US assault on Fallujah and during the US attack on Mahdi Army militiamen in Najaf .
Most Shiites , however , are still reluctant to take major risks to support the Sunnis of Fallujah , many of whom had supported Saddam and his anti-Shiite pogroms .
President Bush pinched a few nerves yesterday with his choice of words :
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
U.S. Muslim groups criticized President Bush on Thursday for calling a foiled plot to blow up airplanes part of a " war with Islamic fascists , " saying the term could inflame anti-Muslim tensions .
U.S. officials have said the plot , thwarted by Britain , to blow up several aircraft over the Atlantic bore many of the hallmarks of al Qaeda .
" We believe this is an ill - advised term and we believe that it is counterproductive to associate Islam or Muslims with fascism , " said Nihad Awad , executive director of the Council on American - Islamic Relations advocacy group .
Which is why he did n't say we 're at war with Islamic people .
We 're at war with Islamic fascists .
By using the word " Islamic " as an adjective Bush was purposely not associating Muslims with fascism , hence the qualifier .
And if you have n't heard by now , the roster of suspected terrorists has not a Tom , Dick or Harry among them :
Umir Hussain , 24 , London E14
Muhammed Usman Saddique , 24 , London E17
Waheed Zaman , 22 , London E17
Assan Abdullah Khan , 22 , London E17
Waseem Kayani , 28 , High Wycombe
Waheed Arafat Khan , 24 , London E17
Cossor Ali , 24 , London E17
Tayib Rauf , 21 , Birmingham
Ibrahim Savant , 26 , London E17
Osman Adam Khatib , 20 , London E17
Shamin Mohammed Uddin , 36 , Stoke Newington
Amin Asmin Tariq , 23 , London E17
Shazad Khuram Ali , 27 , High Wycombe
Tanvir Hussain , 24 , London E10
Umar Islam , 28 , ( born Brian Young ) High Wycombe
Assad Sarwar , 25 , High Wycombe
Abdullah Ali , 26 , London E17
Abdul Muneem Patel , 17 , London E5
Nabeel Hussain , 21 , Waltham Forest Lest you be confused with the suspects from an earlier plot foiled in Canada a few months ago : Fahim Ahmad , 21 , Toronto ;
Zakaria Amara , 20 , Mississauga , Ont. ;
Asad Ansari , 21 , Mississauga ;
Shareef Abdelhaleen , 30 , Mississauga ;
Qayyum Abdul Jamal , 43 , Mississauga ;
Mohammed Dirie , 22 , Kingston , Ont. ;
Yasim Abdi Mohamed , 24 , Kingston ;
Jahmaal James , 23 , Toronto ;
Amin Mohamed Durrani , 19 , Toronto ;
Steven Vikash Chand alias Abdul Shakur , 25 , Toronto ;
Ahmad Mustafa Ghany , 21 , Mississauga ;
Saad Khalid , 19 , of Eclipse Avenue , Mississauga .
We 've got a Steven , the one word that did n't crash my spell - check , despite it being followed by a Vikash Chand Abdul Shakur .
Folks , if it 's Islamic , and fascist , it 's an Islamic fascist .
On the internet site of Monotheism and Holy War ( al - Tawhid wa al - Jihad ) , the group allegedly declared , " We announce that the Tawhid and Jihad Group , its prince and soldiers , have pledged allegiance to the sheikh of the mujahideen Osama bin Laden . "
This pledge is a new development .
Abu Musab al - Zarqawi and his group are said to have been bitter rivals of al - Qaeda during the Afghan resistance days .
One witness at the Moutasaddiq trial in Germany alleged that Zarqawi had not allowed Monotheism and Holy War to share resources with al - Qaeda in the early zeroes of the 21st century .
If the statement is true , it is a worrying sign that even the divided small radical guerrilla groups are being " picked up " by al - Qaeda .
This consolidation is obviously a result of Bush 's aggressive invasion of Iraq and of the botching of the aftermath .
It is a setback for the war on terror .
Al - Qaeda in Afghanistan was a group of only a few hundred " Afghan Arabs " who pledged personal loyalty to Usamah Bin Laden .
It could notionally be expanded to encompass the 5,000 - strong " 55th Brigade " of the Taliban regime , though this is not the technical definition .
Because Usamah is Saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the Wahhabi school of Islam that predominates among Saudia 's some 15 million citizens .
In 1998 they were joined by Egyptians from the al - Jihad al - Islami group of Ayman al - Zawahiri ( many of these were from Upper Egypt , especially Asyut and environs ) .
After that point , al - Qaeda was a joint enterprise between the Egyptian extremists and the polyglot Arabs around Bin Laden , only some of whom were Saudi .
Zarqawi is a Jordanian , and his Monotheism and Holy War group in Afghanistan probably had a distinctive coloration as mainly Jordanian , Palestinian and Syrian .
They also had a special connection to some extremists in Jordan and Germany .
They are probably especially oriented toward the Salafi school of modern Islamic thought , which has a Protestant - like emphasis on going back to the original practice of the early companions of the Prophet Muhammad .
( Most Salafis are not militant or violent , though they tend to be rather narrow - minded in my experience , on the order of Protestant Pietists ) .
Monotheism and Holy War obviously does have a violent interpretation of Salafism , rather as the the leaders of the so - called German Peasant Rebellion among early Protestants did .
Another worrisome sign is that local Iraqi Sunni fundamentalists opposed to the US presence in Iraq have begun joining Monotheism and Holy War , and wearing its distinctive orange and black insignia .
These have been sighted among Iraqi crowds on Haifa Street in Baghdad and in Samarra .
So now there are hundreds of al - Qaeda members in Iraq where there had been none before .
The consolidation of smaller local radical fundamentalist groups with al - Qaeda can also be seen in the case of the Fizazi group in Tangiers that morphed into the Moroccan Islamic Combatant Group , had members who met with September 11 ringleader Muhammad Atta , and ultimately was in part responsible for the Madrid train bombings .
The September 11 Panel will issue its findings on Thursday .
It notes 10 points at which the US made key mistakes that might have stopped Bin Laden 's plot .
Bush came out today and said that if he had known what was coming , he would have expended every effort to stop it , and that so would have Clinton .
This statement is , despite its facade of fair - mindedness , so many weasel words .
Of course Bush would have tried to stop 9/11 if he had known it was coming .
The question is , " Should he have known it was coming ? "
The answer is , " Yes ! "
We now know that Bush and his administration came into office obsessed with Iraq .
Cheney was looking at maps of Iraq oil fields and muttering about opportunities for US companies there , already in January or February of 2001 .
Wolfowitz contradicted counter-terrorism czar Richard Clarke when the latter spoke of the al - Qaeda threat , insisting that the preeminent threat of terrorism against the US came from Iraq , and indicating he accepted Laurie Mylroie 's crackpot conspiracy theory that Saddam was behind the 1993 World Trade Towers bombing .
If you believe crackpot theories instead of focusing on the reality -- that was an al - Qaeda operation mainly carried out by al - Gamaa al - Islamiyyah , an Egyptian terrorist component allied with Bin Laden -- then you will concentrate on the wrong threat .
Even after the attacks on September 11 , Bush was obsessing about Iraq .
Wolfowitz lied to him and said that there was a 10 to 50 % chance that Iraq was behind them .
( On what evidence ?
The hijackers were obviously al - Qaeda , and no operational links between al - Qaeda and Iraq had ever been found ) .
Rumsfeld initially rejected an attack on al - Qaeda bases in Afghanistan , saying there were " no good targets " in Afghanistan .
( What about 40 al - Qaeda bases that had trained the 9/11 hijackers and other terrorists gunning for the United States ?? )
The Pentagon did not even have a plan for dealing with Afghanistan or al - Qaeda that it could pull off the shelf , according to Bob Woodward .
Bush did not have his eye on the ball .
Neither did Cheney , Rumsfeld , or Wolfowitz .
They were playing Captain Ahab to Saddam 's great white whale .
Imperial Hubris makes the case that lots of people in the CIA and counter-terrorism divisions elsewhere in the US government knew all about Bin Laden and the threat he posed .
They were from all accounts marginalized and not listened to .
Bush demoted Dick Clarke , among the most vocal and focused of the al - Qaeda experts , from his cabinet .
Dick could never thereafter get any real cooperation from the cabinet officers , who outranked him , and he could not convince them to go to battle stations in the summer of 2001 when George Tenet 's hair was " on fire " about the excited chatter the CIA was picking up from radical Islamist terrorists .
As for the Clinton administration , let me say one thing in its defense .
I presume you need the Pakistan base for rescue operations in case anything went wrong .
You also need Pakistani air space .
The plan was all set and could have succeeded .
But in fall of 1999 , Gen. Pervez Musharraf made a coup against Nawaz Sharif .
The Pakistani army was rife with elements protective of the Taliban , and the new military government reneged on the deal .
Musharraf told Clinton he could n't use Pakistani soil or air space to send the team in against Bin Laden .
Look at a map and you try to figure out how , in fall of 1999 , you could possibly pull off such an operation without Pakistani facilities .
Of course , you could just go in by main force .
But for those of you tempted in that direction , please look up Carter 's Tabas operation .
It should be easily googled .
Clinton tried , and tried hard .
The gods were n't with us on that one .
that is how i want you to refer to me as " the king "
i do n't think so .
i 'm the king
sounds exciting .
want to go to dinner with me before you have your ' matt time ' ?
probablyl gon na just kick it
you know , whatever .
i will let you know later .
what are you doing tonight .
like what ?
i can think of a few things
you r retarded .
i used to have one .
they are great dogs .
cocker spaniels are retarded .
why do you think i should get one of those ?
ca n't believe you left last night .
nice sarcasm .
that 's fine , i do n't want to see you either , i just need to make a cd .
i ca n't wait
i was thinking somewhere that requires a jacket , like tony 's .
someplace that is like $ 30 an entree .
yeah , i was thinking somewhere like mcdonald 's .
that may be too nice though .
what do you think ?
we can go somewhere nice .
real nice .
my bad .
i must have had you messed up with some other girl i made the bet with .
you must be thinking of someone else .
i do n't even like a&m , i would n't bet on them .
colorado beat texas a&m .
i know you remember the bet .
i got her number though .
i want to hook up with that girl paige in the brown leather jacket .
what happened to you ?
i had a blast that night .
did you hook up with that blonde chick saturday night ?
no i am not lying .
i flew here last night .
are you lying ?
i am out of town .
i am in portland .
you can buy me dinner when we get back .
i am sure they are .
houston wo n't be too affected b/c most of the layoffs affect satelite offices .
economy should be good here .
hopefully she does n't hose you .
I 'll probably start looking next weekend .
I heard that more may be going up for sale in the next month or do .
Someone told me that Chase is planning a shitload of layoffs .
I am not sure how reliable that is , though .
she is waiting to see if she can get financing .
Hello from South America .
I just got your email and I certainly concur with Jeff making the call .
He has maintained a good relationship with Mulva .
This was a risk that we had but we did have assurances from Phillips regarding performance .
I do n't know how much it will help however .
Richard Harper and Mary Nell Browning may have some ideas here but I am sure you 've already gone through it with them .
I am amazed how the details get fuzzy on an old project .
When you discussed it , i was trying to think back to our remedies and discussions but the 3 years have made it difficult .
I do n't know if there is anything I can do but I 'm always willing to help .
Good luck ,
These guys tried the Ken Lay route .
Now they are part of your working group .
Hilary E. Ackermann Goldman Sachs Credit Risk Management & Advisory Phone : 212-902-3724 Fax : 212-428-1181 E-Mail : hilary.ackermann@gs.com
Dear Mr. Lavorato :
Following up on your and Ken Lay 's conversation with Gary Cohn , I would like to forward the following proposal , acting for each of Goldman Sachs Capital Markets and J. Aron .
Hilary E. Ackermann Goldman Sachs Credit Risk Management & Advisory Phone : 212-902-3724 Fax : 212-428-1181 E-Mail : hilary.ackermann@gs.com
Not going well
Hello Louise ,
I know you must be going nuts with all the events , so I have not called .
Hope you will be sorted .
Call me if you have time .
Please update daily
There are only two counterparties at this time who have overdue margin :
Original Margin Call Margin Due Today
Kinder Morgan $ 3,500,000 $ 1,250,000
AEP $ 19,250,000 $ 38,750,000
Totals $ 22,750,000 $ 40,000,000
Please let us know if you need any additional information .
not sure , but i assume that the bluegrass songbook is mine .
is it for guitar ?
I 'll need to ponder .
I 'll try to get back to you pronto .
We have this report ?
Hi David :
Thought that you might be interested .
Well , he launched today .
Have you seen the materials from the press conference that he launched today ?
I think this is actually a good thing -- makes our proposal look like a much more preferable alternative by comparison , makes our support in the process more important , and sets Harvey up as the Ralph Nader equivalent in the election to fix California 's broken system --- a potential spoiler .
Well , would n't you know it .
I 'm not driving tonite , but I bet that we could hitch a ride back with Anil .
I 'm not sure , but I think that he 's got class tonite , too .
I 'll search him out before class or after that break and see if I can set it up .
daily dose on enron -
we are finished .
i need to now get a job at house of pies b/c that is the only way to pay the bills .
the economy is down and when enron collapses , the energy industry is going to be in a world of hurt .
not to mention the market is going to be flooded with enron folks .
ca n't go to any more lsu games unless i get a free ticket .
Since work has gone to hell , I am hoping to find some excitement in the possibility that LSU may play in the Cotton Bowl ( if Rohan " Alabama " Davey shows up for the next 3 games . )
However , do not purchase tickets until it is a done deal - a lesson I learned following the Ark game last season .
house of pies here i come .
i am sure i could have persuaded you to give me some action .
why is enron blowing up ?
i did n't want you to go .
i was just going to sleep anyway .
i was too tired to give you any action .
enron is blowing up .
We are still trying to work the PSE swap transaction , now that the forex desk has been able to find a fix for CPI in the market .
Further to my voicemail , our colleagues in credit are calculating the reserve on the PSE swap .
They are currently using 9.5 % fixed based on the 1 year implied volatility .
Volatility of USD / DM has been in the range of between 7 % and 11 % .
Can one of your research staff justify a suitable 20 year volalatility number for USD / Euro .
Ideally , we would like a fast turnaround .
In addition , is there someone who could consider the correlation between US CPI and the $ / euro exchange rate .
The credit guys are currently assuming that there is no correlation and may consequently be double dipping the credit reserve on this basis too .
Grateful for any help or suggestions you could provide .
I met you at the Risk conference last week in Houston .
I enjoyed your presentations very much .
I was wondering if you could give me some references regarding the calculation of correlation coefficients from a GARCH model .
Thank you .
Magali Van Belle Consultant PHB Hagler Bailly MANAGEMENT AND ECONOMIC CONSULTANTS PHB Hagler Bailly , Inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 Eye Street , N.W. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile Washington , D.C. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail
06/02/2001 10:53 AM
I have settled the Ecogas / Enron / Randy Maffett lawsuit .
No need to thank me , just send me gifts .
Seriously , I talked this morning with Tom Hall and we agreed that Ecogas would pay him $ 53,000 .
Hall has agreed to release Enron , Ecogas , Maffett and every affiliate , related party and subsidiary .
He will also release any and all patent issues .
The goal is for him to move on with his life and for us to move on as well .
I have asked Doug Daniels to prepare the settlement papers reflecting such an agreement .
Please handle .
06/12/2000 10:20 AM
Richard , below is a list of oc invoices sent to you for approval on 5/30/00 .
Please verify receipt at your earliest convenience .
Thank you for your help in tracking these invoices .
Holland & Hart , LLP ; # 432785 dated 4/14/00
Michael L. Beatty & Associates , PC ; # 10461 , # 10469 & # 10468 dated 5/28/00 .
Becky A. Stephens Litigation Unit , Enron Corp. 713/853-5025 EB 4809
I am on board .
If the PX comes back again , I will call their in - house attys .
Christian Yoder / ENRON@enronXgate
06/04/2001 05:54 PM
Can you pass this along to Elizabeth to ensure Sanders is on board as well ?
We are renewing our L/C's on a month to month basis for the PX per Sanders .
However , the request below is to " replenish " the CASH that was drawn down ... please advise .
I agree with Steve 's position stated in his separate e'mail .
Do n't give these guys a penny .
Tracy , Do we have concerns here .
We pointed out to the PX that there was excess credit .
By using collateral to pay these bills are we not keeping required levels available ?
Attached below is Davis Thames ' presentation regarding the proposed Project Bruin .
I will forward the draft Bear Stearns term sheet separately .
Please advise when you can meet to discuss issues related to your area .
I spoke with Mike Collins [ 203-719-8385 ( phone ) and 203-719-7031 ( fax ) ] who conrfirmed to me that the cap included the remaining 2.5 + million remaining shares .
Please return an executed copy of confirm to me .
My assistant Joanne Rozycki has cell , car numbers to reach me .
I 'll be back on Monday .
I will extract the one for the US corporate Paragraph 13 and email to your contact @ First Union Securities .
The sample includes our " caveat " , so it should be fine .
While Tanya is reviewing credit , can you please send a " blank form Paragraph 13 " for this master .
Just our standard .
Caveat : subject to credit review even though there are blanks .
First Union Securities , Inc .
Hi Sara ,
I just wanted to follow up on whether you will have a chance to send a draft Credit Support Annex ( similar in form to the one previously executed with ENA ) .
I understand you may not have credit approval yet so perhaps we can leave the appropriate sections blank in the meantime .
Thanks and regards ,
12/07/2000 02:29 PM
I was wondering if it would be OK for me to sit in with you one day to get a general feel of your end of the process .
Pat had told me before he left that it would help me better grasp the process as a whole .
I understand the imminent cold weather is making things crazy , so now may not be the best time to be in your way .
But let me know if I can spend a day , morning , or even just an afternoon down there with you whenever it is a good time .
I think it will help me very much in my role .
The new fixed price deal with Equistar is # 365013 .
We just did a deal for the rest of the month for 10,000 / d at meter # 1552 QE - 1 @ $ 4.355 .... can you let me and Robert Lloyd know what the sitara # is ?
I show that we also had 20.000 at LS HPL for the 13th .
August 11 , 2000
Teco Tap 108.333 / HPL IFERC ; 20.000 / Enron
LS HPL LSK IC 20.000 / Enron
August 12 , 2000
Teco Tap 85.000 / HPL IFERC ; 20.000 / Enron
LS HPL LSK IC 20.000 / Enron
August 13 , 2000
Teco Tap 32.500 / HPL IFERC ; 20.000 / Enron
I 'm working hard for you !
Now at 83.5 .
I need a new lawnmower , so I 'll try to bump it up a little more .
Hope you 're doing good .
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK .
WE AT HOME LOVE IT AT $ 80 +++
These have been sold .
Thanks for the pictures .
Looks like the kids had a great time !
I hope you do n't mind , but I 've taken liberty to turn them into a web photo album at http://24.27.98.30/pictures/08-05_Garrett_Gayle_Bday .
If you want to pass this web site address along to other folks , feel free .
If you want a CD copy of this web site , give me a yell .
- Ram Tackett ( E-mail ) .vcf 4222
Please give me a call to discuss Nov transaction .
Are you free for lunch some day this week ?
Also , I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go ?
The game is at 12 : Sat @ Compaq Center .
Would love for you to join us .
I am bringing two of my girlfriends from LJ .
Stacey here is the Master draft we discussed .
I am sending you a version with comments .
Could one of you please email me a copy of the standard template you use for Enfolio gas purchase agreements ?
As we 're getting more and more of those agreements , I 'd like to add a template in Global Contracts .
Stacey Barclay Richardson Enron Net Works , LLC - Global Contracts Stacey.Richardson@enron.com ( 713 ) 853-0569 Office ( 713 ) 646-2495 Fax ( 713 ) 710-6084 Pager
Today is good 12:30 ?
Cafeteria is fine .
I 'm free any day but Tuesday .
I better pass on the Comets game .
My weekends seem to be taken up with condo matters , house hunting .
Thank you though .
Are you free for lunch today .
